Initial spec changes for query stats feature (#183)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.md

-   The cycle balance of the canister.

> -   Statistics regarding the query execution of the canister: a tuple `(num_queries, num_instructions, num_request_payload_bytes, num_response_payload_bytes)` containing

Author: @Dfinity-Bjoern - this is where we are planning to make query stats available to developers.

            S.freezing_threshold[A.canister_id],
            S.canister_subnet[A.canister_id].subnet_size,
          );
          query_stats = noise(SUM {{num_calls_total: 1,
                                    num_instructions_total: single_query_stats.num_instructions,
                                    request_payload_bytes_total: single_query_stats.request_payload_bytes,
                                    response_payload_bytes_total: single_query_stats.response_payload_bytes} |
                                   single_query_stats <- S.query_stats[A.canister_id];

>                                    single_query_stats.timestamp <= S.time[A.canister_id] - T})

Reviewer: @Sawchord Could you please confirm that the aggregation takes into account all query stats up until a recent point in time (due to query stats algorithm delay), i.e., that the aggregation does not run over a sliding window?

```

State after

```html

S with
    query_stats[Q.receiver] = S.query_stats[Q.receiver] · {
        timestamp = S.time[Q.receiver]
        num_instructions = NumInstructions
        num_request_payload_bytes = |Q.Arg|
        num_response_payload_bytes =
          if composite_query_helper(S, MAX_CYCLES_PER_QUERY, 0, Q.canister_id, Q.sender, Q.canister_id, Q.method_name, Q.arg) = (Reject (RejectCode, RejectMsg), _) then |RejectMsg|
          else if composite_query_helper(S, MAX_CYCLES_PER_QUERY, 0, Q.canister_id, Q.sender, Q.canister_id, Q.method_name, Q.arg) = (Reply Res, _) then |Res|
    }

```

> where `NumInstructions` is the unspecified number of WebAssembly instructions executed during the evaluation of the query call,
> i.e., the value of `ic0.performance_counter(0)` at the end of the query method execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `NumInstructions` is the unspecified number of WebAssembly instructions executed during the evaluation of the query call,
i.e., the sum of values of `ic0.performance_counter(0)` at the end of all query and composite query method executions during the evaluation of the query call.
```
@Dfinity-skaestle Is my above suggestion correct?

Author: For collecting query stats during composite query execution, I think it makes most sense to track each canister individually (instead of grouping in the root canister). E.g. if a users queries canister A which in turn queries canister B, we would record two query calls, one on canister A and one on B, with the respective number of instructions and request / response sizes.
